this time I have to dance the
hanky panky song of madonna of the
tic face movie and we're going to go
with a freestyle freestyle that
see how a usual one I think very well
about the character that you have to
interpreting is a fatal option
not of course scientist fully and
very simply I say because no
I say I'm an actress this week, we're going to
have a quite complicated challenge but
In the end I always said that
things do not have to be easy for me
I agree that they are possible
how
although nothing
in day
citibank and crazy movie night
wendy panty welcome to the Soria area
over here please come here come
please come in bibi gaytán
it seemed this fax foxx notice that I felt
pretty good but I feel that
I lacked agility if I like the music
I was invited to go much easier
the time from start to finish
that in the part where they make use of
she for that part of the scenario would be
that thing is already a big
a step from cat to water padilla
but you know
with her you look
I'll tell you more simple more
simple we are we know what a
written most of us know what a
is that same in the perfect air
of bad man and the big man by the
ok from atlanta book the eye in
half of the track win the kiss of
sensual way and how I was going to spend it and
go active having more full more
safe while the whole track is
well well far better than the
last week very well we go with the
qualifications for wendy panty bibi
gaytán we want to know your note
a 6 polished emma
the mouth of a 6 also and matilde
obregón we have later congratulations